docs/03.configuration.md, before:

---
title: Configuration
permalink: /configuration
---

# Configuration

Example:

```yaml
webpack:

    # turn development mode on/off (dev middleware / hot reloading)
    development: true

    # when development is off, force build to happen on each server start
    force.build: false

    # the public path to serve files in dev mode under
    public.dev.path: "/_dev/"

    # the public directory to build files to
    build.path: "/build/"

    # the paths to each of the webpack config files
    config.paths: []
    #    - "demo-bundle:resources/public/webpack.config.dev.js"
    #    - "other-bundle:resources/public/webpack.config.dev.js"
```

## Settings

### development

Turning the "development" setting on (true) will use webpack-dev-middleware which will automatically
recompile your changes to memory.

### force.build

When development mode is off, turning this on (true) will force the asset files to be compiled on
each server start up. This is useful in development to diagnose any issues with compilation builds
prior to going to production.

### public.dev.path

When development mode is turned on, this will be the public path that the assets are served from.

### build.path

This is the directory within your app/public directory which assets will be compiled to.

### config.paths

This is an array in which you specify the namespaced paths to webpack config files within your project.

Commit message:

moved stuff to new WebpackBuilder. added config options to allow factories to be passed in. updated docs

docs/03.configuration.md, after:

---
title: Configuration
permalink: /configuration
---

# Configuration

Example:

```yaml
# app/config/config.yml
webpack:

    # turn development mode on/off (dev middleware / hot reloading)
    development: true

    # when development is off, force build to happen on each server start
    force.build: false

    # the absolute path to build directory
    build.dir: "%kernel.app_public_path%/build/"

    # the relative public path to build directory
    build.public.path: "/build/"

    # the public path to serve dev mode files from
    public.dev.path: "/_build_dev/"

    # the paths to each of the webpack config files
    config.paths: []
    #    - "demo-bundle:resources/public/webpack.config.dev.js"
    #    - "other-bundle:resources/public/webpack.config.dev.js"

    # factory services to dynamically build configs
    factories: []
    #    - { service: "my.factory.service", method: factory }

```

## Settings

### development

Turning the "development" setting on (true) will use webpack-dev-middleware which will automatically
recompile your changes to memory.

### force.build

When development mode is off, turning this on (true) will force the asset files to be compiled on
each server start up. This is useful in development to diagnose any issues with compilation builds
prior to going to production.

### build.dir

This is the absolute path to to a directory where assets will be compiled to.

### build.public.path

This is the relative public path to your build directory.

### public.dev.path

When development mode is turned on, this will be the public path that the assets are served from.

### config.paths

This is an array in which you specify the namespaced paths to webpack config files within your project.

### factories

This is an array of service ids and method names to use as factories which return dynamically generated webpack config objects.
